[Music]
19 incredible tips that will change your
life we try so hard to become better
smarter stronger and we often don't look
for easy ways that's too bad because
there are less stressful ways that will
give you the same outcome there are less
stressful ways to reach your goals we
have found 19 simple tricks that will
improve your life you will also find a
bonus trick that will help you to get
along with people better number 19
I level when you're at the store don't
be lazy and look at the lowest shelves
why it's because the cheapest products
are over there no doubt our psychology
works linearly when we choose the
product we are likely to buy those
things that we see right in front of us
that's why marketing experts put more
expensive products or those that they
need to sell fast right at the level of
your eyes
number 18 long light the candles will
last longer as you put them in the
freezer before letting them out let some
physics in your life when the wax is
frozen it melts twice as long you are
welcome to save your money next time
when you're buying candles isn't it
awesome number 17 Google colors to check
the quality of your printer ink just
print the Google logo we are not sure if
this has been done intentionally but the
logo has all the necessary main colors
in it and also you don't need to search
for a pic with all the colors included
how smart number 16 eating slowly it is
amazing that not only beautiful but also
scientists work on slimming now you'll
be glad to know that you gain weight
slowly even if you eat high-calorie
products the slower you eat there is
also an experiment stating that fast
eaters gained about 4 pounds in a month
only because they were eating 2 5
while slow eaters ended up with 1.5
pounds of weight gain so chew your food
thoroughly guys number 15
zoo uniform one more psychological hint
but this time it is connected with
animals if you love going to the zoo but
animals hide from you you can improve
the situation with uniform light clothes
put on those things which are similar to
the zoo workers uniform in shape and
color animals will see something
familiar and won't hide so actively
bonus you see your favorite animals and
have the best pics number 14 banana joy
this yellow fruit is even called the
fruit of happiness in case you didn't
know the thing is only one banana per
breakfast is capable of lifting your
mood for half of your usual day it also
helps you to cope with negative emotions
no long explanations are needed just try
this in the morning and share what you
think in the comments below number 13
workout coffee break fitness and
workouts can be tiresome and slowly
transform into a routine activity so
it's not a secret that people use
various additional tricks for the fast
fat-burning now you can learn that just
a single cup of coffee before the
training set makes the fat burn faster
it's also cheap and available almost
everywhere number 12 hot spoon
Oh mosquito bites are awful this itching
can nearly drive you insane but there is
a simple and very popular hack to cope
with it you just need to place a hot
spoon on the bite and you'll forget
about any itching amazingly easy isn't
it number eleven location importance
this is the most serious tip on the list
and we sincerely hope you'll never have
to use it when calling 9-1-1 first
disclose your location and only then
start describing the issue this way the
operator will be able to send you help
before the call ends sometimes tiny bits
of time can save your life
number 10 saving nap a nap during the
day improves your memory and protects
you from cardiovascular disease however
sleeping is the tricky thing be careful
if you sleep more than 9 hours it might
disrupt your immune system number 9
amazing watermelon scientists surely
know their job recently they have proved
that watermelon is the natural viagra
with similar effects dilation and
relaxation what's not clear is how much
watermelon you should eat what if it's
more than 65 pounds at once
still it's necessary to admit how
wonderfully caring nature can be number
8 magic music one more good thing for
athletic people if you are listening to
music during your workout you become 15
percent more productive in lifting
weights now put your earphones on and
start training and don't forget to like
this video if this trick works number
seven
memory fingers
this tip has been checked by billions of
people your brain can work harder with
the help of your hand to remember
something immediately clench your fists
this will boost the memory recalling
skills of your brain and as a result the
necessary information will come up to
your mind right in time
number six helping hand you do
everything with your dominant hand and
don't even pay attention to usual
automatic actions but next time try to
challenge your brain and do any of your
ordinary habits for example brushing
your teeth with the non-dominant hand
this trick will shake up your brain and
stimulate it to work more actively
number five little men when you have to
spend your time with a lot of children
you surely need all your nerves and
patience if they become too annoying
we usually get upset and everything ends
up with anger and headaches there is a
small funny tip to help you try to think
of them as little drunk men on the one
hand it lifts your mood on the other
hand you don't demand too much adequacy
and concentration from a drunken person
do you children grow up very fast and
soon you will remember all those running
small people with a nostalgic smile
number 4
loud relaxation forget about the
prohibition for listening to loud music
you can still do it just don't be too
hard on it and control the level the
idea is the following if you listen to
loud music at home you feel happier and
more relaxed than while doing it at a
regular sound level so boost the volume
up once in a while and don't forget to
dance you're at home and no one sees you
anyway so why don't you get a bit wild
number three green tea wonders green tea
as well as other metabolism boosters can
be helpful in your slimming just drink a
cup of green tea and go to bed the
secret is in the components of the drink
which thoroughly make metabolism faster
number two sleeping gymnastics stresses
and hard work can leave you without
healthy sleeping you all know the state
when you are overwhelmed with thoughts
and emotions it's almost impossible to
calm down and fall asleep we are happy
to share the secret the four seven eight
exercise can help you you need to inhale
through your nose for a count of four
then hold your breath for a count of
seven then exhale through your mouth for
the count of eight four cycles of this
and you're nearly sleeping number one
calming yogurt if you feel anxious just
eat some fat-free yogurt and two
spoonfuls of nuts amino acids will help
you to calm down
besides it is far more than tasty and
here is an awesome bonus we've talked
about if you want to know how a person
treats you try to read their body
language cross legs and arms mean the
closed position such a person is not
ready to trust you if the person is
relaxed and doesn't cross their limbs
this is the open position and it means
this person likes spending time with you
and enjoys the conversation we hope the
video was interesting for you and the
tips will be helpful in your daily life
hit the like button if you've already
tried any of these tips